yes good night it's the last single girl
kiss the ultimate single gal Carrie
Bradshaw will be married to John James
Preston come fall should we do your
diamond no just give me a really big
closet after years of living in the city
I assumed that if my friends and I ever
got our fairytale ending oh that would
be the end of the story
hello welcome home baby I always knew
she'd married babe you thought that
after this second breakup
yep after the 15th ha ha we broke up a
lot but real-life 200 people but don't
you want you that's what I always has a
twist we've got a problem
I got the cold day I didn't want to hear
I can't believe I was running around New
York thinking I'm finally getting my
happy ending and let the wedding get
bigger than big have you ever been a
personal assistant
no why'd you move to New York to fall in
love
it didn't mean anything it just happened
once but my
I'm pregnant you know me I don't really
believe in marriage
now Botox on the other hand that works
every time
I believe you're even dressing up the
only two choices for women which and
sexy kitten no you just said a mouthful
there sister
jeez honey wax much when you're married
you have a different set of priorities
this one's married and she's not growing
a National Forest
life doesn't always turn out to be your
fantasy that's why you need friendships
that are real to get you through it all
and Cinderella and the prince lived
happily ever after
you know things don't always happen like
this in real life I just think you
should know that now